Implement some lacking types for CNodes (#48)
membraneframework/unifex: pages/supported_types.md

# Supported types

> Unifenosupports generating code both for usage with NIF's and CNode's. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unifex supports generating code both for usage with NIF's and CNode's. 
```

Nevertheless, some types can be not implemented yet.
Below we present which types you can use at this moment. 

> You can also refer to [#42](https://github.com/membraneframework/unifenoissues/42) to see 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also refer to [#42](https://github.com/membraneframework/unifex/issues/42) to see 
```
